my life
very good here we bring you another trick of
the mobile screen the trick is to
get inside one of the cells to
that the good dog explain a little
how to do the trick as you can see there
kill yourself a grenade delay in the
stairs and relive us as far away
possible and then you have to make a command
to get inside the floor in front
once the command was done what would
What to do is stay close to the
wall as soon as a zombie came what
would have to do is do as they have given
so that he himself did not back out
inside the cage
it's a good trick the truth because the
who wants inside so good can
move has no bar to death is
all keep the only ones outside
if you play more than two players but you go
to have rather more difficult to place
well here you see here getting into the
cell culture provides me with
imposing in front of me came a zombie from
those who come for the roof that I do not
like the video subscribe like and up
the next kids
Enough
for the plants